📝 Alex's Notes

I like using ChatGPT. I like working with ChatGPT because it's really smart, easy to use, and I get to be creative. I'm very happy that I built customized GPTs for ChatGPT and Sourceduty. I started using ChatGPT under 1 month ago, and this was just in time for the launch of custom GPTs. For myself and my business, using ChatGPT right now is near perfectly timed. I'm very interested in ChatGPT and AI. Also, I studied a lot of Python earlier this year.

Concept ChatGPT Ideas

- A multiuser version of ChatGPT could be developed in the future.
- I tried to build 'ChatGPT Utilities' so that it could extract text from shared chat links. Building this GPT for this purpose was unsuccessful, so I modified this GPT to extract text from exported chat records instead.
- I wanted to use extracted text from shared chat links to replay ChatGPT prompts and then record these prompts as a video file.
- ChatGPT could add more detailed account statistics like a total count of GPTs in My GPTs and a total count of chats created.
- GPTs could retain user-editable knowledge base files that are updated or modified on a user-by-user basis.
- GPT profile pictures generated with DALL-E should be downloadable.
- Usage cap limit warning notifications prior to the usage cap limit.
- A profile page (chat.openai.com/username) for every user.

Vintage Software

While building custom GPTs in 2023, I searched back into the 1970s and 1980s to find old computer user manuals and design documents. I like being a 90's kid who grew up using Windows, but I also enjoy the terminal-style interface that early vintage computers used. Simulating the Apple II computer wasn't very hard using ChatGPT because artificial intelligence is 46 years ahead of 1977 Apple computer technology.

Rough GPTs

Some of my custom GPTs are concepts that were created as experiments with AI. GPTs such as 'Emergency Kit' and 'Treasure Hunt Game' are rough concept GPTs. I might improve 'Treasure Hunt Game' but I won't improve 'Emergency Kit'. There are also two private concepts, '3D Model Imaging' and 'YouTube Data Image'. With these rough concepts, I wanted to visualize 3D model files by capturing images from six distinct views and compile YouTube data into image files.

Copyright

It's hard to be unique, so some of my GPTs are basic like 'Repo Summary' and 'Dictionary Creator'. Some of my GPTs like 'Desktop Value', 'Rebrand', and 'Compare Images' are very unique to ChatGPT. These very unique GPTs were built to be copyright-protected. There are additional GPTs noted by myself such as '3D Model Imaging' and 'YouTube Data Image' which are concepts but could also be copyright-protected.

GPT Store

OpenAI should ensure the uniqueness of custom GPT titles used in the GPT Store. Google Play and Apple's App Store use automated checks and guidelines to prevent duplication in app titles. Similar titles will cause confusion for users and issues during searching for GPTs in the GPT Store. How do new GPTs get analyzed and listed when the GPT Store opens? Do the oldest created GPTs get analyzed and listed first?

Capabilities

I expected a lot more than what I learned ChatGPT was capable of while using GPT-4. Some of my custom GPTs push the current limits of ChatGPT, such as '3D Model Imaging' and 'YouTube Data Image'. The current limitations of ChatGPT restrict my creativity and the capabilities of my GPTs. I expected ChatGPT to have standard built-in features like audio transcription, facial recognition, object recognition, text to audio, video editing, and much more. The custom GPTs that I built are mostly tools that feature various different and original methods of utilizing ChatGPT.

Actions

I found it very difficult to understand and learn about OpenAI specification for API actions in custom GPTs. I would've struggled a lot more without the help of ChatGPT to provide me with detailed explanations that clarified questions I had about the OpenAI specification, schema, and much more. Integrating custom GPT action APIs and services using JSON format is much more complex than creating plain text instructions. I might integrate a custom API or service into one of my upcoming custom GPTs using the Twitter API, Google Vision API, or PayPal API.

APIs

I successfully developed one JSON format in OpenAPI specification for the Google Maps API. This single JSON format is utilized by my 'Maps Guide' custom GPT. I also tried to integrate Google Cloud Vision API, GPT-4 with Vision, and the Twitter API into several custom GPTs but I was unsuccessful. I built and used 'OpenAPI Spec JSON Actions' while I was trying to integrate APIs with custom GPTs. This custom GPT is instructed to guide JSON format creation in custom GPT actions. I extensively optimized, expanded, and improved 'OpenAPI Spec JSON Actions' to try and help me integrate APIs.

Expanding

I'm researching, learning, and working very hard to compile a list that contains over 100 custom GPTs built by Sourceduty. I have a lot of planned updates and expansions for my GPTs that will be developed in the future. The next decade of artificial intelligence will be very exciting, and the deep future of Sourceduty will be very smart. I expect that the first three to five years of work on Sourceduty will establish this company's reputation.

Easy APIs

I built custom GPTs that could utilize image recognition APIs, but these APIs are complicated. I was hoping that image recognition APIs would be easier to integrate with custom GPTs. I think that Vertex AI Vision is easy to manage and use, but it's very custom. I might use image recognition in the future if there is an easier and standard way of using it that doesn't require me to customize my own model.

Authenticating APIs for custom GPTs is a hassle, so I built a custom GPT to access the Public APIs Directory in order to access APIs that don't require authentication. APIs that don't require authentication provide access to various topics like weather, public data, news, transit, currency exchange, sports, and astronomy. I also integrated the Public APIs Directory into 'Easy APIs'.

AI Group Chat

I don't think that anyone else has built a three-way conversation between one person and two chatbots before today. I'm excited to see the future of 'Artificial Group Chat' as I expand this custom GPT with deeper opinions and personalities.

Combined Custom GPTs

Sourceduty might have the first combined custom GPT. I combined both 'Artificial Group Chat' and 'Starship' into one custom GPT as an example. Combining these custom GPTs expands the scale of 'Artificial Group Chat' by including 'Starship'. This combination also concentrates the focus of 'Artificial Group Chat' onto SpaceX and the Starship rocket.

100 Custom GPTs

I'm very excited to publish my 96th custom GPT that's named 'GIF Builder'. This custom GPT is special because this could be the first time that a GIF has been made using DALL-E 3 without external processing. 

Intelligence 

I hate when there are intentional errors in software, web apps or websites. ChatGPT has a lot of errors which tech support won't always resolve. I get very frustrated because we are developing artificial intelligence and I expect everyone to be focused on expanding and utilizing high intelligence. I honestly expect AI to repair itself and be almost flawless because it can ALWAYS help itself. I want automated tech support where I can troubleshoot any and all problems with ChatGPT by using ChatGPT.

Popularity

Most of the custom GPTs that I developed were developed to sell. I also wanted to experiment and create examples so I built some custom GPTs that will naturally be unpopular. Even though these custom GPTs are unpopular, they are very unique. I try to be original when creating any custom GPT but this doesn't always reflect in the popularity of every custom GPT that I make.

200 Custom GPTs

I built and published over 100 custom GPTs in 41 days leading up to the end of 2023. I have a new goal of 200 custom GPTs to reach and surpass before the end of 2024. 

LulzBot User Guide

This might be the very first AI-assisted 3D printer user guide and it could be an opportunity that LulzBot wants to take advantage of.

Removed GPTs

OpenAI removed 'Hacked Image" and "Instructions for Custom GPTs" today. "Hacked Image" didn't violate any of OpenAI's terms of service and is a custom GPT showcasing unique image effect processing. "Instructions for Custom GPTs" was a helpful guide for creating custom GPT instructions.

Future

I'm really impressed by the versatility of GPT-4. The AI tools I've been working on are turning out to be quite useful, and I'm excited about what lies ahead. It's clear that AI is poised to have a significant impact on our daily lives, and I can't wait to see how it continues to evolve and make things even better in the future.

Overcomplicating

Sometimes my GitHub repos and the list of custom GPTs that I made is underwhelming and then sometimes it's overwhelming. I like to compare my work to other developers working on larger projects so I feel better. 

200+ Custom GPTs

After 73 days, on February 1 in 2024, I surpassed my goal of 200 custom GPTs.

Emulated Documents

I am very thrilled to publish two new groundbreaking tools: 'Document Design' and 'Document Emulator'! These innovative creations mark a significant leap forward in the realm of document management and emulation technology.

Chemist

I updated "Chemist". Users can now create, predict and simulate successful or unsuccessful chemical reactions. The convo starters have also been updated. 

House Design Copyright

I filed a DMCA Takedown Form for House Design (https://chat.openai.com/g/g-WgXvQZZ5a-house-design) built by Sourceduty and Building Designs and Plans (https://chat.openai.com/g/g-FFbyeLhw9-building-designs-and-plans) built by Gilbert Andrew. I'm claiming that Sourceduty's work has been infringed upon by Gilbert Andrew. Incorporating software that was once under copyright, or components of such software, into new similar programs is generally against the law.

Records

ChatGPT currently doesn't allow its users to export data used for managing and counting custom GPTs. One of the custom built GPTs that I created disappeared from Sourceduty’s account. This custom GPT is the first GPT that Sourceduty ever published. The original link doesn’t work which was shared on GitHub in November of 2023. This can be proven with GitHub upload records and Sourceduty image records.

RSS

I tried to utilize Really Simple Syndication (RSS) within the Python environment of ChatGPT and encountered obstacles due to the absence of necessary libraries. The Python environment, lacks the specific libraries required to implement RSS. This limitation of ChatGPT prevents custom GPTs from fetching and processing live data feeds.

No APIs

In the development process of numerous custom Generative Pre-trained Transformers (GPTs), I tried to integrate Application Programming Interface (API) access to enhance functionality. However, I subsequently revised all of these custom GPTs with a complete removal of API access and usage from all custom GPTs. 
